Update `Jack House Cup 2025` (#13951)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/JHC/JHC_2025/en.md

### Qualifiers

[Download the mappack here (49.6 MB)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1X4_y7H7ztU8T4mnv38qjGjK25YK86lML/view)

- Dense Jack
  1. [MD10 - The Universe (Summer Festival Mix) (crazyrenard) [Stage 1: Luau!]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2391572#mania/5177310)
- Light Jack
  1. [Kenji Hiramatsu - Chain Attack ([GB]Tyris) [Stage 2: Xenojack]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2391432#mania/5177285)
- Full Jack
  1. [Yunosuke - PaIII.REVOLUTION (Cut Ver.) (MidRed) [Stage 3: REVITALIZATION]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2391560#mania/5177278)
- Middle Jack
  1. [P*Light - SAtAN (HoshiMiya_) [Stage 4: Ketastrophi]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2391571#mania/5177308)
- Speed Tech Mix
  1. [yax03 - stresstest (Cut Ver.) (Blue_Potion) [Stage 5: Unstability]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2391570#mania/5177297)
- Rhythm Hard Mix
  1. [II-L feat. amelie xoxo - THE EARTH ([GB]Tyris) [Stage 6: Moon]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2391569#mania/5177293)
- Anchor Stamina
  1. [Kalafina - heavenly blue (0.95x Rate, Cut Ver.) (ieFaH) [Stage 7: Blueness]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2391567#mania/5177286)

## Match results

> The full match results are also available in the [master sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CmpxIY08ZRUB5Fm_KODkxWOlEHjBs2RShfC9sfSLCno/edit?usp=sharing).

Reviewer: better if this is referred the same as in the `## Links` section

```suggestion
The full match results are also available in the [information spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CmpxIY08ZRUB5Fm_KODkxWOlEHjBs2RShfC9sfSLCno/edit?usp=sharing).
```

| 9 | **1557** | **0** | -1 | fiveDspaLking | [*win by default*](https://osu.ppy.sh/mp/118600157) |  |
| 6 | **gangers** | **5** | 1 | spirit | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/mp/118601363) | [#1](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1LgMfzFEtN) |
| 15 | **03 Jack Monkeys** | **5** | 0 | bagjetka to sure | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/mp/118601373) | [#1](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1J131zzEMR) |
| 5 | **kim jeong hyeok** | **5** | 0 | 4k男娘叠叠绝赞团 | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/mp/118602361) | [#1](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1kPGHzVEpc) |
| 7 | **Team Red** | **5** | 2 | MatteLatcha | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/mp/118602388) | [#1](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1nNGHzkE2g) |
| 12 | **Mizuki Sensitive** | **0** | -1 | Guardian Tales | [*win by default*](https://osu.ppy.sh/mp/118602884) |  |
| 4 | United Statedom | 1 | **5** | **Chino fans club** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/mp/118603465) | [#1](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1JMGHz6E1N) |

### Qualifiers

Detailed statistics can be seen in the [master sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CmpxIY08ZRUB5Fm_KODkxWOlEHjBs2RShfC9sfSLCno/edit?gid=1589760769#gid=1589760769).

| Seed | Team | Average Rank | Total Score |

> | :--: | :--: | :----------: | :---------: |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Seed | Team | Average rank | Total score |
| :-: | :-- | --: | --: |
```
